added function term map and function triples map (#14)
kg-construct/rml-core: FNML/overview.md

<#Person_Mapping>
    rml:logicalSource <#LogicalSource> ;              # Specify the data source
    rr:subjectMap <#SubjectMap> ;                     # Specify the subject
    rr:predicateObjectMap <#NameMapping> .            # Specify the predicate-object-map

<#NameMapping>
    rr:predicate dbo:title ;                          # Specify the predicate
    rr:objectMap <#FunctionTermMap> .                 # Specify the object-map

<#FunctionTermMap>
    fnml:functionValue <#FunctionTriplesMap> .        # The object is taken from the output of the execution triples of the function

<#FunctionTriplesMap a fnml:FunctionTriplesMap ;      # Generating the execution triples
    rr:predicateObjectMap [
        rr:predicate fno:executes ;                   # Execute the function&hellip;
        rr:objectMap [ rr:constant grel:toUppercase ] # grel:toUppercase
    ] ;
    rr:predicateObjectMap [
        rr:predicate grel:inputString ;
        rr:objectMap [ rr:reference "name" ]          # Use as input the "name" reference
    ] .
```

The `name`-value is not referenced directly,
instead, its value is used as `grel:inputString`-parameter
for the `grel:toUppercase`-function.

> The execution result triples of that function are then referred to have the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The execution result triples of that function are then evaluated to generate the object
```
